Question 1
Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2

HTTP stands for hypertext transfer protocol which is used to transfer data in internet. The latest HTTP is HTTP2, which was released in 2015. Before that HTTP1.1 Was used.
We know that speed of the internet was increased in recent era. Where people can easyly transfer and downlord data because of HTTP2.
Many features was introduced while releasing HTTP2 they are 
                                                           Multiplexing
                                                           Binary Protocol
                                                           Header compresssion
                                                           Server Push
                                                           Prioritization


#Multiplexing:
                One of the most significant diff in HTTP1.1 and HTTP2 is multiplexing. In HTTP1.1 only one request can be handeled at a time, after completion of on going 
                request  only they can raise a second request. But HTTP2 can handle many request at a time.


Binary Protocol:
                 HTTP1.1 uses text based protocols, which is human readable and require more data to transfer. But HTTP2 uses Binary Protocal which is machine readable
                 and also require less bandwidth to transfer the data.
                 
                 
Header Compression:
                    In HTTP1.1 there is no header compression, So it takes large anount of space in data transmission. In HTTP2 header compression was introduced, So it
                    can reduce the size of the header during data transmission.

Server Push:      For every inividual information user need to request the server for data in HTTP1.1. But in HTTP2 Server itself push the needed resourse as server push

Prioritization :
                  This was introduced in HTTP2 to prioritize which source of content should loaded first. So it esures important resourse like CSS and Java Script will load 
                  first to improve user experience
                  
                  
As per the comparison HTTP2 Introduced many new featers and taken many advancement in transfer protocol.


Question 2
Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript?

In Javascript everything is represented as a object. From simple values like numbers, Strings, arrays etc. objects in the javascript are the key components to write the 
efficient coding. In javascript objects are represented as key features to do different actions internally. objects in the javascript are like temporary it can be added, removed
during compillation, When objects created in javascript it takes chunks of memory. Internal representation are predefined keywords used in objects to get and access the data most
efficiently.




